README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="OS.js Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/doc/logo-horizontal.png" />
</p>

[OS.js](http://os.js.org/) is an [open-source](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/LICENSE) desktop implementation for your browser with a fully-fledged window manager, Application APIs, GUI toolkits and filesystem abstraction.

Works in any modern browser and can be deployed on any platform using Node or PHP.

[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/nwjs/nw.js.svg)](https://gitter.im/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Travis CI Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/grade/61677f92d80d446ca37f7b6ab2fae032)](https://www.codacy.com/app/andersevenrud/OS-js-v2)
[![Tips](https://img.shields.io/gratipay/os-js.svg)](https://gratipay.com/os-js/)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-yellow.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=andersevenrud%40gmail%2ecom&lc=NO&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted)

## Demo

I have a demo running on my server: http://osjsv2.0o.no

Please note that it may be unavailable at times and slightly out-of-date.

![ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/doc/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Just run the automated installer and you will be ready to go:

NIX: `curl -sS http://os.js.org/installer | sh`

Windows: http://os.js.org/installer.exe

Make sure to read the [installation documentation](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/blob/master/INSTALL.md) before you begin. There you will also find instructions on how to download and install manually.

## How to contribute

Read the official [contribution docs](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

My contact information is located on my [Github profile](https://github.com/andersevenrud)

[Want to join the testing team?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki/Join-the-testing-team)

[Want to join the translation team?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki/Join-the-translation-team)

[Got questions or suggestions?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/issues/49)


# Links

* [Homepage](http://os.js.org/)
* [Documentation](http://os.js.org/doc/)
* [Sources](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
* [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/issues)
* [Demo Site](http://osjsv2.0o.no/)
* [Wiki](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki)
* [OS.js on OpenHub](https://www.openhub.net/p/OS_js)
* [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/osjsplatform)

## Social Media

* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzC5Z5D-YLyEoYXWrxplUIek5uRyF92iG)
* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/b/113399210633478618934/113399210633478618934)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/OSjs/226644300734574)
* [Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/osjs)

## Author

* [Homepage](http://andersevenrud.github.io/)
* [Blog](http://anderse.wordpress.com)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/andersevenrud)
* [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/andersevenrud)
* [OpenHub](https://www.openhub.net/accounts/andersevenrud)
* [Mail](andersevenrud@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Added links to simplified installation docs

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="OS.js Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/doc/logo-horizontal.png" />
</p>

[OS.js](http://os.js.org/) is an [open-source](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/LICENSE) desktop implementation for your browser with a fully-fledged window manager, Application APIs, GUI toolkits and filesystem abstraction.

Works in any modern browser and can be deployed on any platform using Node or PHP.

[![bitHound Score](https://www.bithound.io/github/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/badges/score.svg)](https://www.bithound.io/github/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
[![Gitter](https://img.shields.io/gitter/room/nwjs/nw.js.svg)](https://gitter.im/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Travis CI Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/grade/61677f92d80d446ca37f7b6ab2fae032)](https://www.codacy.com/app/andersevenrud/OS-js-v2)
[![Tips](https://img.shields.io/gratipay/os-js.svg)](https://gratipay.com/os-js/)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-yellow.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=andersevenrud%40gmail%2ecom&lc=NO&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted)

## Demo

I have a demo running on my server: http://osjsv2.0o.no

Please note that it may be unavailable at times and slightly out-of-date.

![ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/master/doc/screenshot.png)

## Installation

Just run the automated installer and you will be ready to go:

NIX: `curl -sS http://os.js.org/installer | sh`

Windows: http://os.js.org/installer.exe

Make sure to read the [installation documentation](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/blob/master/INSTALL.md) before you begin. There you will also find instructions on how to download and install manually.

Or head over to the official documentation for a [simplified installation guide](http://os.js.org/doc/manuals/man-install.html).

## How to contribute

Read the official [contribution docs](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

My contact information is located on my [Github profile](https://github.com/andersevenrud)

[Want to join the testing team?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki/Join-the-testing-team)

[Want to join the translation team?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki/Join-the-translation-team)

[Got questions or suggestions?](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/issues/49)


# Links

* [Homepage](http://os.js.org/)
* [Documentation](http://os.js.org/doc/)
* [Sources](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2)
* [Issue Tracker](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/issues)
* [Demo Site](http://osjsv2.0o.no/)
* [Wiki](https://github.com/andersevenrud/OS.js-v2/wiki)
* [OS.js on OpenHub](https://www.openhub.net/p/OS_js)
* [Google Groups](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/osjsplatform)

## Social Media

* [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzC5Z5D-YLyEoYXWrxplUIek5uRyF92iG)
* [Google+](https://plus.google.com/b/113399210633478618934/113399210633478618934)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pages/OSjs/226644300734574)
* [Reddit](http://www.reddit.com/r/osjs)

## Author

* [Homepage](http://andersevenrud.github.io/)
* [Blog](http://anderse.wordpress.com)
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/andersevenrud)
* [LinkedIn](http://linkedin.com/in/andersevenrud)
* [OpenHub](https://www.openhub.net/accounts/andersevenrud)
* [Mail](andersevenrud@gmail.com)
